It didn't look like this at the table last night
You must give me each more expensive one today
You must buy it for me today
Just don't mention marriage to me
Since you must tell the truth better than me
Then I won’t cause trouble today.
You really think you're beautiful
I’ve only been competing with your sister Lu Yu all day long.
You can't even compete with people working in a small organization
You must cry and drink to me first
Just for your family
That piece is worth 3.5 billion Wei Yuan dollars?
From now on, you have just developed a joint development experience with me.
Three groups that failed with tradition
Money won abroad
Even if I get sick from get off work, I won't succeed
Just apologize, it’s 3:05
Grass is doing bankruptcy
I want my Long family to feel relieved
Want me to buy you ten ladies
For example, my Long family does not have these assets.
Even if there is material dragon family
There must be something hateful
This is not the husband you have chosen for your fine sales department.
Are you dumbfounded?